good stop moving for his neck okay let
him check out yes good excellent timing
good take your and away good if you
don't know bad okay don't fall on just
stop please don't do anything please
wait there good I want you to feet I
want you feet up a little higher you're
dropping your hand wait in low okay yeah
good like that I want you to point your
palms directly forward when you feed
them just like that there you go
one piece of food at the time you can
reload from your right to your left
all very good feel another one good
right before he Barton's fees good you
need to get yourself a longer line so
you donkeys it's okay just next time you
come out good good this time when you
feed them I want your hand to kind of to
lead when you back up and try to get
push into your hand okay
almost lead I'm like you're trying to
lead them with like it like there you go
good keep walking back good and lead
them in a little bit of circle good like
that now at the other hand next time out
of the other hand go ahead never just
drop the leash it's causing more
problems that name don't help yes go
ahead
good okay next time Lim he's pushing on
your hand push them into it like help
into it down but don't save lots nice
feet um okay stand up and run away good
all right reload good do another down
yep good okay I want you to push it into
him a little bit when you do it okay
push it into like that okay I don't want
to think Ford momentum I wanted to think
backwards and then like that way better
good release god
okay don't help him yo ho throw a party
for that you made a good decision go a
Chloe good there it is good okay let's
see see your finish again when you're
ready start with him like pushing into
your into your left hand before you do
it okay so walk back into push into your
left hand now do it
okay freeze four men look at your feet
next time I wear your feet it's okay
thanks I want you feet planted elbow out
and a hand away from your side like that
kind of like that yes but no you have to
help them we have to bring you okay
Bremen nice beep good feeling again he
ate some stuffing out of your pocket
hey move away there you go let's do it
again
do another finish okay good good let's
do a finish not too bad jump back and
say free good keep going keep going
don't help him good next time if he
checks out and rents or leave I want you
to go away from as quick as you can go
ask Christine she's ready to get more to
go out sure are you almost out of food
okay yeah
Travis crab is leashed